MTV-5106 CQA Release notes (#903)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2-11-1-resolved-issues.adoc

Review the resolved issues in this release of {project-short}.

> VM migration prevented with duplicate NAD mappings::

Author: I noticed this file used separators than our usual practice, so I made the changes indicated.

Author: I reverted the changes after a comment from Jenny-Anne.

Before this update, VM migration succeeded when two Network Interface Controllers (NICs) were connected to the same Network Attachment Definition (NAD). As a consequence, users could not boot the VM after successful migration because both NICs were connected to the same target NAD. This update prevents the assignment of multiple NICs to the same NAD during VM migration, avoiding potential boot failures and failed migrations.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3075[MTV-3075]

Misleading `ConnectionTestFailed` errors for OVA providers now hidden::

Before this update, misleading `ConnectionTestFailed` error messages were displayed for Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) providers during creation, due to an issue with the readiness probe in the OVA provider's pod specification. This update hides misleading `ConnectionTestFailed` error messages, allowing for accurate progress visualization during provider creation.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3613[MTV-3613]

Forklift-controller no longer unexpectedly shuts down due to map deletion::

> Before this update, the deletion of network or storage maps in the `forklift-controller` could cause unexpected shutdowns. With this update, deletion of these maps now results in migration plans moving to a `NotReady` state, as opposed to actively terminating associated pods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, the deletion of network or storage maps in the `forklift-controller` could cause unexpected shutdowns. With this update, deletion of these maps now results in migration plans moving to a `NotReady` state instead of actively terminating associated pods. 
```

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-4413[MTV-4413]

Increased memory limits for `forklift-cli-download` pod to prevent `OOMKilled` errors::

> Before this update, insufficient memory limits in the `forklift-cli-download` pod caused Kubernetes `OOMKilled` memory errors after an update of the {project-short} Operator. As a result, the pod entered `CrashLoopBackOff` state. This update increases memory limits for the `forklift-cli-download` pod to prevent `OOMKilled` errors, improving deployment stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, insufficient memory limits in the `forklift-cli-download` pod caused Kubernetes `OOMKilled` memory errors after an update of the {project-short} Operator. As a result, the pod entered the `CrashLoopBackOff` state. This update increases memory limits for the `forklift-cli-download` pod to prevent `OOMKilled` errors, improving deployment stability.
+
```
